cls: add link to ad-specific mitigation guidance (#4036)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/metrics/cls/index.md

For a deep dive on how to improve CLS, see [Optimize
CLS](https://web.dev/optimize-cls/).

> ### Google Publisher Tags
> 
> See the official Google Publisher Tag guide on [Minimizing layout shift](https://developers.google.com/doubleclick-gpt/guides/minimize-layout-shift).
> 
> ## Additional resources
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional resources

- Google Publisher Tag's guidance on
  [minimizing layout shift](https://developers.google.com/doubleclick-gpt/guides/minimize-layout-shift)
```

> For a deep dive on how to improve CLS, see [Optimize
> CLS](https://web.dev/optimize-cls/).
> 
> Also, consider this guide specific to [minimizing CLS when working with Google Publisher Tags (GPT)](https://developers.google.com/doubleclick-gpt/guides/minimize-layout-shift).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a deep dive on how to improve CLS, see [Optimize
CLS](https://web.dev/optimize-cls/).

### Google Publisher Tags

See the official Google Publisher Tag guide on [Minimizing layout shift](https://developers.google.com/doubleclick-gpt/guides/minimize-layout-shift).

```
I like to chunk things up into sections so that, if someone is scanning with the table-of-contents, they can quickly home in on the GPT section (if that is what's most relevant to them)
